# Compute Identifying Variation Weights

Compute regression weights describing the amount of variation used for
identification.

## Usage

``` r
idid_weights(reg, var_interest, partial_iv = TRUE, tol = 1e-07, ...)
```

## Arguments

- reg:

  A regression object.

- var_interest:

  A vector string. The name of the variables of interest.

- partial_iv:

  A boolean. If TRUE, partials out the part of the endogenous variables
  that are not explained by the instruments. If the regression is not an
  IV (or not generated by `AER::ivreg` or
  [`fixest::feols`](https://lrberge.github.io/fixest/reference/feols.html)
  with an instrumented part), the value of `partial_iv` has no impact on
  the outcome of the function.

- tol:

  A numeric. Passed to the `qr` function. The tolerance for detecting
  linear dependencies in the columns of x_partialled.

- ...:

  Additional elements to pass to the regression function when
  partialling out controls.

## Value

A numeric vector of the identifying variation weights for each
observation.

## Details

The weights correspond to the normalized leverage of each observation
for the variables of interest after partialling out all controls.

The partailled out version of the design matrix (ie, of the set of
variables of interest) is computed by re-running the regression provided
in `reg` but sequentially replacing the independent variable by each of
the variables of interest (and removing them from the set of
regressors).

If the nature of the independent variable and of the variable of
interest are different, one may want to change the estimation. For
instance, if the independent variable is discrete and estimated via glm
with the argument `family = "binomial"` and the dependent variable is
continuous, one may want to provide the argument `family = "gaussian"`
to `idid_weights`.

## Examples

``` r
reg_ex_lm <- ggplot2::txhousing |>
  lm(formula = log(sales) ~ median + listings + city + as.factor(date))

idid_weights(reg_ex_lm, "median") |>
 head()
#> [1] 8.693583e-05 9.188898e-06 1.504876e-05 1.274063e-05 3.686616e-06
#> [6] 1.076007e-05
```
